index.mdx, before:

---
title: "Introduction"
description: "Welcome to the new home for your documentation"
---

## Setting up

Get your documentation site up and running in minutes.

<Card
  title="Start here"
  icon="rocket"
  href="/quickstart"
  horizontal
>
  Follow our three step quickstart guide.
</Card>

## Make it yours

Design a docs site that looks great and empowers your users.

<Columns cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Edit locally"
    icon="pen-to-square"
    href="/development"
  >
    Edit your docs locally and preview them in real time.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Customize your site"
    icon="palette"
    href="/essentials/settings"
  >
    Customize the design and colors of your site to match your brand.
  </Card>
    <Card
    title="Set up navigation"
    icon="map"
    href="/essentials/navigation"
  >
    Organize your docs to help users find what they need and succeed with your product.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="API documentation"
    icon="terminal"
    href="/api-reference/introduction"
  >
    Auto-generate API documentation from OpenAPI specifications.
  </Card>
</Columns>

## Create beautiful pages

Everything you need to create world-class documentation.

<Columns cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Write with MDX"
    icon="pen-fancy"
    href="/essentials/markdown"
  >
    Use MDX to style your docs pages.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Code samples"
    icon="code"
    href="/essentials/code"
  >
    Add sample code to demonstrate how to use your product.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Images"
    icon="image"
    href="/essentials/images"
  >
    Display images and other media.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Reusable snippets"
    icon="recycle"
    href="/essentials/reusable-snippets"
  >
    Write once and reuse across your docs.
  </Card>
</Columns>

## Need inspiration?

<Card
  title="See complete examples"
  icon="stars"
  href="https://mintlify.com/customers"
>
  Browse our showcase of exceptional documentation sites.
</Card>

Commit message:

Initial Prosody branding - update name, colors, and homepage

index.mdx, after:

---
title: "Welcome to Prosody"
description: "Intelligent plugin ecosystem with adaptive UI - Documentation for developers and users"
---

## What is Prosody?

Prosody is a next-generation plugin ecosystem that scales intelligently. With a **generic primitives system**, Prosody supports 50+ plugins while maintaining a constant ~6,000 lines of backend code - an 89% reduction from traditional plugin architectures.

<Card
  title="Quick Start"
  icon="rocket"
  href="/quickstart"
  horizontal
>
  Get started with Prosody in minutes
</Card>

## Make it yours

Design a docs site that looks great and empowers your users.

<Columns cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Edit locally"
    icon="pen-to-square"
    href="/development"
  >
    Edit your docs locally and preview them in real time.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Customize your site"
    icon="palette"
    href="/essentials/settings"
  >
    Customize the design and colors of your site to match your brand.
  </Card>
    <Card
    title="Set up navigation"
    icon="map"
    href="/essentials/navigation"
  >
    Organize your docs to help users find what they need and succeed with your product.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="API documentation"
    icon="terminal"
    href="/api-reference/introduction"
  >
    Auto-generate API documentation from OpenAPI specifications.
  </Card>
</Columns>

## Create beautiful pages

Everything you need to create world-class documentation.

<Columns cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Write with MDX"
    icon="pen-fancy"
    href="/essentials/markdown"
  >
    Use MDX to style your docs pages.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Code samples"
    icon="code"
    href="/essentials/code"
  >
    Add sample code to demonstrate how to use your product.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Images"
    icon="image"
    href="/essentials/images"
  >
    Display images and other media.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Reusable snippets"
    icon="recycle"
    href="/essentials/reusable-snippets"
  >
    Write once and reuse across your docs.
  </Card>
</Columns>

## Need inspiration?

<Card
  title="See complete examples"
  icon="stars"
  href="https://mintlify.com/customers"
>
  Browse our showcase of exceptional documentation sites.
</Card>
